I want to emphasize that we're in an
economic downturn yeah a crisis that is
has a health part of it as an economic
part of it has a monetary part of it and
we're hitting zero interest rates and so
what you're seeing right now very
classic is the inability of central
banks to stimulate monetary policy in
the way that is normal in other words in
an irregular cycle they push the button
whoops
and they stimulate and give people
credit and people with money and credit
they go out and spend more and they pick
up the economy but the capacity to do
that when you hit the zero interest rate
floor and when monitor when monetization
doesn't work anymore because pushing
interest rates will not push bond yields
down buying excuse me buying bonds will
not push bond yields down that and and
then you have the loss of interest rate
declines the loss of getting money to
the people who need it through
quantitative easing when that doesn't
work anymore then you were in the
position now so very classically right
here now what you have is the federal
government which does not have the
capacity to make money and credit you
have them for coming in and spending a
lot more money
not nearly enough money the we estimate
right now that the corporate losses
would be in the vicinity of in the US
about four trillion dollars globally
probably about 12 billion trillion and
again four trillion dollars in the
United States twelve trillion globally
that's what the tea that's right so the
size will be big losses and those are
corporations they'll also be individuals
who have very big losses and and and
individuals who can't afford the shock
that they're going to have so there's a
need for the government to spend more
money a lot more money and where do they
how much more money right well we're
gonna have to it depends on whether it's
provided as loan guarantees or credits
or something along those lines I would
say somewhere in the vicinity of a
trillion and a half to two trillion
dollars ism is a minimum and what that
means where does the government get the
money okay who are the lenders now
everybody's almost hit and so the way
this works the way it's worked in
history is that they have to get the
money from the Federal Reserve so you
are in a moment in time right now you're
seeing it play out it's played out in
history it's played out in the 1930s in
which you're now seeing we're going to
spend a lot of money on these programs
that means you're going to have to sell
a lot of bonds okay who is going to buy
those bonds a lot of people going to be
broke a lot of if you look at the
condition of pension funds or other
endowment so where's that money going to
come from as in history that money will
have to come from Federal Reserve so you
see it right now when you see a big
program being announced like that
program you see the bond yields backed
up now if the central bank does not then
go in there and buy though those bonds
in a central bank at this point is in a
dilemma and should what should happen
with interest rates and so on if those
rates backed up because the
supply-demand imbalance is not good then
you're going to have the next wave of
the crisis because interest rates rising
will cause asset prices to go down more
again and they also will mean that debt
squeezes will be a problem and also
credit spreads would wide this is just
mechanic
you